W-21832961-MuleSoft-Vibes-learning-map-CP (#610)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/learning-map-mulesoft-vibes.adoc

- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#access-dev-agent[Open the assistant for creating integrations]
- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#create-integration-project[Scaffold a project]

| image::reuse::lm_code_1.png[Resume work, prompt, and improve output]

[.lm-bold]##Resume Work, Prompt, and Improve Output##

Pick up tasks from conversation history, write and verify prompts, reuse example patterns, and improve output when results are inconsistent.

- xref:vibes-conversation-history.adoc#browse-conversation-history[Reopen tasks from browse conversation history]
- xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#_unexpected_results_when_using_mulesoft_vibes[Improve inconsistent output]
- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#craft-ai-prompt[Write your prompt]
- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#complete-gen-flow[Apply and verify results]
- xref:vibes-prompt-examples.adoc#_order_management[Use example prompts]

| image::reuse::lm_integrate_1.png[Configure and manage MCP servers]

[.lm-bold]##Configure and Manage MCP Servers##

Install and tune MCP servers so MuleSoft Vibes can call the right tools with the right approvals.

- xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc[Configure MCP server]

> - xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc#_add_an_mcp_server[Add an MCP server]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc#add-an-mcp-server[Add an MCP server]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

= MuleSoft Vibes for Anypoint Code Builder
:page-article-style: learning-map

MuleSoft Vibes is the natural-language assistant in Anypoint Code Builder for API specifications, integrations, and related tasks through optional MCP servers. Use this map to open MuleSoft Vibes topics in the order that matches your goal, from first launch through customization, generation, and troubleshooting.

The end-to-end journey for MuleSoft Vibes consists of various tasks, each with links to relevant content to assist you in completing them.

[.lm-table, cols="1a,1a,1a", grid="none"]
|===
| image::reuse::lm_start.png[Learn about MuleSoft Vibes]

[.lm-bold]##Learn About MuleSoft Vibes##

MuleSoft Vibes is a purpose-built assistant for the development lifecycle, available directly in Anypoint Code Builder. Build, deploy, and manage your projects using natural language prompts.

> - xref:learn-about-mulesoft-vibes.adoc#capabilities[Understand capabilities in your workspace with Learn About MuleSoft Vibes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:learn-about-mulesoft-vibes.adoc#capabilities[Understand capabilities in your workspace ]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:learn-about-mulesoft-vibes.adoc#mcp-integration[See how MCP connects Vibes to your tenant with MCP servers and agentic tools]

Reviewer: I suggest removing this topic because it's on learn-about-mulesoft-vibes.

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:learn-about-mulesoft-vibes.adoc#related-ai[Compare with broader MuleSoft AI in related resources]

Reviewer: Same here - I suggest removing this topic because it's on learn-about-mulesoft-vibes.

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:mulesoft-vibes.adoc[Read the full MuleSoft Vibes overview for product scope and prerequisites]

Reviewer: Suggest moving this topic to the beginning of the list because it introduces the feature. Then continue with the rest of the topics.
```suggestion
- xref:mulesoft-vibes.adoc[MuleSoft Vibes overview]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:mulesoft-mcp-server::index.adoc[Review the MuleSoft MCP Server product overview for tools and trust boundaries]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:mulesoft-mcp-server::index.adoc[Review MuleSoft MCP Server]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:general::learning-map-mulesoft-ai.adoc[Explore the Learning Map: MuleSoft AI for platform-wide AI capabilities]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:general::learning-map-mulesoft-ai.adoc[Explore MuleSoft AI]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

| image::reuse::lm_analyze_1.png[Get started with MuleSoft Vibes]

[.lm-bold]##Get Started##

Set up the IDE, confirm permissions, then open MuleSoft Vibes and start prompting with confidence.

> - xref:start-acb.adoc[Prepare your organization and IDE by setting up and accessing the web or desktop IDE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:start-acb.adoc[Set up and access the web or desktop IDE]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:start-configure-permissions.adoc#permissions[Prepare your organization and IDE by configuring Anypoint Code Builder permissions]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:start-configure-permissions.adoc#permissions[Configure Anypoint Code Builder permissions]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#use-mulesoft-vibes[Open the assistant and begin work in Use MuleSoft Vibes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#use-mulesoft-vibes[Use MuleSoft Vibes]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#plan-and-act-modes[Choose how Vibes applies changes in Plan and Act Modes]

Reviewer: Remove because this covered in Use MS Vibes (keep it high-level)

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#how-mulesoft-vibes-generates-code[Follow how MuleSoft Vibes generates code from your prompts]

Reviewer: Same here - Remove because this covered in Use MS Vibes

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#configure-mulesoft-vibes-settings[Fine-tune confirmations and file access in Configure MuleSoft Vibes Settings]

Reviewer: same here - Remove because this covered in Use MS Vibes

Author: OK! Thanks!

| image::reuse::lm_code_1.png[Checkpoints, conversation, and troubleshooting]

> [.lm-bold]##Checkpoints, Conversation, and Troubleshooting##

Reviewer: I recommend documenting only the high-level journey, as this column does not appear to be necessary JTBD.
You could consider moving the really important topics into other buckets like Get Started.

Author: OK! Let's see if this structure works better. Thanks!

Save workspace states, reopen past work, and fix common access, permission, and output issues.

> - xref:vibes-checkpoints.adoc[Track file and task states in Use Checkpoints to Track Changes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-checkpoints.adoc[Track file and task states]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-conversation-history.adoc#browse-conversation-history[Reopen tasks from Browse Conversation History in View Conversation History]

Reviewer: It this a necessary step? If not consider removing it. 
```suggestion
- xref:vibes-conversation-history.adoc#browse-conversation-history[Reopen tasks from browse conversation history]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-conversation-history.adoc#delete-history[Clear tasks selectively or entirely in Delete History]

Reviewer: Remove because this info is in the View Conversation History topic.

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#_unexpected_results_when_using_mulesoft_vibes[Improve inconsistent output in Unexpected Results When Using MuleSoft Vibes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#_unexpected_results_when_using_mulesoft_vibes[Improve inconsistent output]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#_troubleshoot_mulesoft_vibes_access_errors[Troubleshoot MuleSoft Vibes access and login issues in Troubleshoot Mulesoft Vibes Access Errors]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#_troubleshoot_mulesoft_vibes_access_errors[Troubleshoot MuleSoft Vibes access and login issues]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#required-permissions[Verify tool permissions in Required Permissions for MuleSoft Vibes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:troubleshoot-generative-ai.adoc#required-permissions[Verify tool permissions]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

| image::reuse::lm_develop_1.png[Design APIs, rules, and automation]

[.lm-bold]##Design APIs, Rules, and Automation##

Shape API specs with AI, attach context, tune Vibes settings, and standardize output with rules, workflows, and commands.

> - xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#design-spec-ai[Generate and refine specs in Design an API Spec with AI]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#design-spec-ai[Generate and refine specs]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#rules-workflows[Align output with Define Rules and Workflows on Creating API Specs with MuleSoft Vibes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#rules-workflows[ Define rules and workflows]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#context-files[Attach requirements and outputs in Provide Additional Context]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#context-files[Attach requirements and outputs]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#settings[Control confirmations and file access in MuleSoft Vibes Settings]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-api-ai-create-spec.adoc#settings[Control confirmations and file access]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-workflows-commands.adoc#add-workflows-or-rules[Capture standards in Add Workflows or Rules on Workflows and Rules]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-workflows-commands.adoc#add-workflows-or-rules[Add workflows and rules]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-workflows-commands.adoc#add-commands[Invoke slash shortcuts in Add Commands on Workflows and Rules]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-workflows-commands.adoc#add-commands[Invoke slash shortcuts]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

| image::reuse::lm_build_1.png[Build integrations and example prompts]

[.lm-bold]##Build Integrations and Example Prompts##

Stand up integration projects from prompts, finish the flow, and borrow proven patterns for real scenarios.

> - xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#provide-mulesoft-vibes-with-context[Attach folders and files in Provide MuleSoft Vibes with Context]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-get-started.adoc#provide-mulesoft-vibes-with-context[Attach folders and files]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#access-dev-agent[Open the assistant in Access Mulesoft Vibes on Creating Integrations with MuleSoft Vibes]

Reviewer: Suggest removing this topic because doesn't seem to be a JTBD, rather giving user more information like how to open Vibes. Should this be added to the Get Started section?

Author: This topic is about Integrations, which is the main JTBD in this column (Build Integrations and Example Prompts).

> - xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#create-integration-project[Scaffold a project in Create a New Integration Project]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#create-integration-project[Scaffold a project]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#craft-ai-prompt[Write clear goals in Write Your Prompt]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#craft-ai-prompt[Write your prompt]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#complete-gen-flow[Apply and verify results in Complete Your Integration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-create-integrations.adoc#complete-gen-flow[Apply and verify results]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-prompt-examples.adoc#_order_management[Reuse patterns for order APIs in Order Management on MuleSoft Vibes Example Prompts]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-prompt-examples.adoc#_order_management[Use example prompts]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

| image::reuse::lm_integrate_1.png[Configure and manage MCP servers]

[.lm-bold]##Configure and Manage MCP Servers##

Install and tune MCP servers so MuleSoft Vibes can call the right tools with the right approvals.

> - xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc#use-the-mulesoft-mcp-server[Understand built-in tools in Use the MuleSoft MCP Server]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc[Configure MCP server]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc#add-and-manage-custom-mcp-servers[Connect custom servers in Add and Manage Custom MCP Servers]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc#add-and-manage-custom-mcp-servers[ Add and manage custom MCP servers]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> - xref:vibes-mcp-server.adoc#open-mcp-server-settings[Open the MCP Server settings UI in Open MCP Server Settings]

Reviewer: I suggest removing the rest of the topics after Add and manage MPC servers because these topics are redundant. The Add and manage MCP servers is the high-level topic.

Author: OK! Thanks!
